Overhaul ADRs from open PRs (#162)
statechannels/go-nitro: .adr/0000-adrs.md

The format of an ADR shall follow the [template by Michael Nygard](https://github.com/joelparkerhenderson/architecture-decision-record/blob/main/templates/decision-record-template-by-michael-nygard/index.md)\*\* following the [suggestion](https://github.com/joelparkerhenderson/architecture-decision-record#suggestions-for-writing-good-adrs) of Joel Parker Henderson:

```bash
# Decision record template by Michael Nygard

This is the template in [Documenting architecture decisions - Michael Nygard](http://thinkrelevance.com/blog/2011/11/15/documenting-architecture-decisions).
You can use [adr-tools](https://github.com/npryce/adr-tools) for managing the ADR files.

In each ADR file, write these sections:

# Title

## Status

What is the status, such as proposed, accepted, rejected, deprecated, superseded, etc.?

## Context

What is the issue that we're seeing that is motivating this decision or change?

## Decision

What is the change that we're proposing and/or doing?

## Consequences

What becomes easier or more difficult to do because of this change?
```

## Consequences

> te approach above provides an easily disconverable reference for developers in the future who question why the code is as it is. Being located in a single folder at the top level allows each ADR to "attach" to multiple files and folders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The approach above provides an easily discoverable reference for developers in the future who question why the code is as it is. Being located in a single folder at the top level allows each ADR to "attach" to multiple files and folders.
```
